Update README.md (#115)
openfun/jitsi-box: README.md

**Our ambition is to blend the virtual classroom with the real classroom through the use of a simple device called the `Jitsi-Box`**.

Ultimately, the idea is to ensure that online students feel as if they were actually in the classroom with easy interactions with their peers in the class and vice-versa. Furthemore, the Jitsi-Box is designed to give the students an enhanced vision of the whiteboard, so as to help them attend their lessons more easily.

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/images/jitsi-box-in-hybrid-classroom.jpg" width="500" alt="Jitsi Box in hybrid classroom"/>
</p>

The `Jitsi-Box` is a web application with 3 different interfaces each tailored for specific users : 
 - One which allows teachers to connect (with the computer of the classroom) to their online teaching meeting. 
 - One for the Raspberry which should be installed in the classroom. 
 - The last one for the students, where they can crop and filter the image of the whiteboard captured by the 2 previous interfaces (see  section "general overview" for more details).

>  The Teacher and Box (Raspberry) interfaces are used to record simultaneously the whiteboard and the classroom. It is recommanded to follow the instructions below for the configuration of the devices in the classroom : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Teacher and Box (Raspberry) interfaces are used to record simultaneously the whiteboard and the classroom. It is recommanded to follow the instructions below for the devices' configuration in the classroom : 
```
